# Cyber Burger King, an instructed Robot with Fundation Models



## Description

In order to get our work public for the project "Cyber Burger King, an instructed Robot with Fundation Models", we transport the code we've worked on since May, 2023 from gitlab to here. 
In our project, we tested the potential ability of a Large Language Model ChatGPT to interact with users for controlling the movable manipulating robot PR2 [makeareadme.com](https://robotsguide.com/robots/pr2), through proper prompting and flexible text commands. 

To get hands on experience by your own, you can follow the following steps to enter the world of our mini resturant "Cyber Burger King". 

First in the main branch, you will find our main contribution and merged version of sections enviroment, arm, wheels and promptng workflow along with GUI design for ChatGPT in our own branches. The controller file "pr2.py" in the folder "controllers/pr2" and the world file "pr2.wbt" in the folder "worlds" are the executable file in the simulator Webots, you can download Webots through this official website [makeareadme.com](https://cyberbotics.com/) at first and open the world "pr2.wbt" along with its controller "pr2.py" that we created. After successfully openning the simulation enviroment, you will find the robot is making a cheese burger. If you scoll down to the executable codes generated by ChatGPT from line 758 to line 790, you will understand what instructions the robot are following right now. 

Next, in order to train ChatGPT to generate executable commands for making a burger, we designed a GUI and put it in the folder "controllers/pr2". The ChatGPT will follow the prompting steps shows in "initial_prompt_for_chatGPT.pyinitial_prompt_for_chatGPT.py" and can be further trained in GUI based on its feedbacks. 

Finally, the tests results of ChatGPT's responds of the command "make me a <personalized-defined> burger" are available in the file "Testing_more_complex_tasks.txt" in the folder "results".

Feel free to go through it, if you have any question, you can contact us per email ge57nud@mytum.de. 
  
## Badges
On some READMEs, you may see small images that convey metadata, such as whether or not all the tests are passing for the project. You can use Shields to add some to your README. Many services also have instructions for adding a badge.

## Visuals
Depending on what you are making, it can be a good idea to include screenshots or even a video (you'll frequently see GIFs rather than actual videos). Tools like ttygif can help, but check out Asciinema for a more sophisticated method.

## Installation
Within a particular ecosystem, there may be a common way of installing things, such as using Yarn, NuGet, or Homebrew. However, consider the possibility that whoever is reading your README is a novice and would like more guidance. Listing specific steps helps remove ambiguity and gets people to using your project as quickly as possible. If it only runs in a specific context like a particular programming language version or operating system or has dependencies that have to be installed manually, also add a Requirements subsection.

## Usage
Use examples liberally, and show the expected output if you can. It's helpful to have inline the smallest example of usage that you can demonstrate, while providing links to more sophisticated examples if they are too long to reasonably include in the README.

## Support
Tell people where they can go to for help. It can be any combination of an issue tracker, a chat room, an email address, etc.

## Roadmap
If you have ideas for releases in the future, it is a good idea to list them in the README.

## Contributing
State if you are open to contributions and what your requirements are for accepting them.

For people who want to make changes to your project, it's helpful to have some documentation on how to get started. Perhaps there is a script that they should run or some environment variables that they need to set. Make these steps explicit. These instructions could also be useful to your future self.

You can also document commands to lint the code or run tests. These steps help to ensure high code quality and reduce the likelihood that the changes inadvertently break something. Having instructions for running tests is especially helpful if it requires external setup, such as starting a Selenium server for testing in a browser.

## Authors and acknowledgment
Show your appreciation to those who have contributed to the project.

## License
For open source projects, say how it is licensed.

## Project status
If you have run out of energy or time for your project, put a note at the top of the README saying that development has slowed down or stopped completely. Someone may choose to fork your project or volunteer to step in as a maintainer or owner, allowing your project to keep going. You can also make an explicit request for maintainers.
